chore(docs/examples): Adding GraphQL information (#4001)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/docs/examples-tutorials/recipes/running-tests-with-tracetest-graphql-pokeshop.mdx

[Tracetest](https://tracetest.io/) is a testing tool based on [OpenTelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/) that permits you to test your distributed application. It allows you to use the trace data generated by your OpenTelemetry tools to check and assert if your application has the desired behavior defined by your test definitions.
[GraphQL](https://graphql.org/) is a query language for APIs and a runtime for fulfilling those queries with your existing data. GraphQL provides a complete and understandable description of the data in your API, gives clients the power to ask for exactly what they need and nothing more, makes it easier to evolve APIs over time, and enables powerful developer tools.

## Why is this important?

The Tracetest GraphQL trigger enables you to unleash the power of the trace-based testing to easily capture a full distributed trace from your OpenTelemetry instrumented GraphQL back-end system.

By creating a Tracetest GraphQL test, you will be able to create trace-based assertions to be applied across the entire flow like any other Tracetest test. Not only that but it allows you to mix and match it with your existing Monitors, Test Suites and CI/CD validations.

> Another big benefit of using traces as test specs is that you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other impactful benefits of using traces as test specs are:
```

> - Get faster MTTR for failing performance tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Faster MTTR for failing performance tests.
```

> - Assert against the Mutiple Queries and Mutations at once from a single test execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assert against the Mutiple Queries and Mutations at once from a single test execution.
```

> - Validate functionality of other parts of your system that may be broken, even when the initial request is passing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Validate functionality of other parts of your system that may be broken, even when the initial request is passing.
```
